README.md, before:

# awesome-tuist [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A community-driven collection of Tuist related blog posts, tasks, projects, and more.

## Table of Contents

- [Talks](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#official)
- [Open source projects](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#open-source-projects)
- [Tools](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#tools)
- [Blog posts](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#blog-posts)

## Talks

- [Our path to microframeworks with Tuist.io](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHf_LkN8RK0)
- [Introduction to Tuist Signing](https://youtu.be/WGKp1EHcpME)
- [Defining dependencies in Tuist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHDNKdSKnkw&t=294s)
- [Introduction to Tuist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVPWJvJGng&t=1s)
- [Xcode Project Generation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bxt37t_twug&t=216s)
- [Scaling iOS Codebase](https://blog.houzz.com/scaling-ios-codebase/)
- [Bruno Bilescky - Scaling your app](https://nslondon.com/#bruno-bilescky-scaling-your-app)
- [Tuist, the tool you missed](https://youtu.be/GIr_rk-FUFY)
- [Simplify Modular Project Generation with Tuist - Hamin Song - Seoul iOS Meetup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chsMQCDfyDs)
- [From Challenge to Joy: My Journey Developing Tuist for Scalable Xcode Projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqKBnFTiWQg)
  
## Open source projects

- [SwiftUI + TCA Example](https://github.com/lm2s/Texther)
- [The Composable Microfeature Architecture](https://github.com/TYRONEMICHAEL/tuist-composable-architecture)
- [Katana: Swift apps in a swoosh](https://github.com/BendingSpoons/katana-swift)
- [Tempura: a holistic approach to iOS development](https://github.com/BendingSpoons/tempura-swift)
- [Pokedex](https://github.com/ronanociosoig/tuist-pokedex)
- [Sendbird Chat SDK Sample for iOS](https://github.com/sendbird/sendbird-chat-sample-ios)

## Tools

- [asdf-tuist](https://github.com/cprecioso/asdf-tuist)
- [TuistAutoGen](https://github.com/naldal/TuistAutoGen)

## Blog posts

- [Real-World Xcode Project Using Tuist](https://getstream.io/blog/real-world-xcode-tuist/)
- [First touches of using Tuist for Xcode Project generation](https://medium.com/swlh/first-touches-of-using-tuist-for-xcode-project-generation-f46c630bc29b)
- [Our Journey to Generated Projects](https://www.ackee.cz/blog/en/tuist-our-journey-to-generated-projects/)
- [The Magic of Generating an Xcode Project](https://developers.soundcloud.com/blog/tuist-project-generation)
- [Solving modularised iOS project challenges by adopting project generation](https://medium.com/@daniell.jankowskii/solving-modularised-ios-project-challenges-by-adopting-project-generation-eda9cd1ee3bd)
- [Getting Started with Tuist](https://sarunw.com/posts/getting-started-with-tuist/)
- [Gerando Xcode Project com Tuist](https://deciomontanhani.com.br/gerando-xcodeproj-com-tuist/)
- [Xcode Project Generation: A Primer](https://jsorge.net/2021/03/15/xcode-project-generation-a-primer)
- [Modular Apps with a Tuist](https://medium.com/@ronan.ociosoig/modular-apps-with-a-tuist-8fdd8d3fd4bb)
- [Tool-managed Xcodeproj](https://www.thoughtworks.com/radar/techniques/tool-managed-xcodeproj)
- [Tuist Tutorial for Xcode](https://www.raywenderlich.com/24508362-tuist-tutorial-for-xcode)
- [Build Templates For Code Generation](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/build-templates-for-code-generation-with-tuist-497656e3f6a5)
- [Unifying Tuist Projects](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/unifying-tuist-projects-80abc226d756)
- [Goodbye Moya & Alamofire](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/goodbye-moya-alamofire-simplify-your-dependancies-cff5dd649e91)
- [Warming Up To Havana: Accelerate iOS Builds With Binary Caching Using Tuist 2.x](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/warming-up-to-havana-accelerate-ios-builds-with-binary-caching-using-tuist-2-x-bd9ea6631a92)
- [Optimising iOS builds with Tuist and Codemagic CI/CD](https://blog.codemagic.io/ios-app-caching-using-tuist-and-codemagic/)
- [Getting started with Tuist for Xcode project generation and modularization on iOS](https://www.runway.team/blog/getting-started-with-tuist-for-xcode-project-generation-and-modularization-on-ios)
- [How to build a Tuist plugin and publish it using SPM and version control](https://www.runway.team/blog/how-to-build-a-tuist-plugin-and-publish-it-using-spm-and-version-control)
  
### Sarunw

- [Getting Started with Tuist](https://sarunw.com/posts/getting-started-with-tuist/)
- [What is the difference between Tuist init and scaffold](https://sarunw.com/posts/what-is-the-difference-between-tuist-init-and-scaffold/)
- [Tuist scaffold: How to use the Tuist template to create a new module for an ongoing project](https://sarunw.com/posts/tuist-scaffold/)
- [Tuist init: How to use Tuist templates to bootstrap your project](https://sarunw.com/posts/tuist-init/)
- [Tuist Template: What is it and how to create them](https://sarunw.com/posts/tuist-template/)
- [How to add a unit test target to a Tuist project](https://sarunw.com/posts/how-to-add-unit-test-target-to-tuist-project/)

## CI building blocks
- [appcircle-tuist-component](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-tuist-component)

## Podcasts

- [Automation Fun with Jared Sorge](https://share.transistor.fm/s/bab83e8a)
- [Tuist with Pedro Piñera Buendía](https://thebakery.dev/08/)

## Videos

- [Introduction to Tuist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVPWJvJGng)
- [Tuist App signing ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGKp1EHcpME)
- [Generating binaries from third-party package dependencies and linking them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5sVLZanAJU)
- [Using binary caching with Tuist to speed up builds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq7E3YlPJog)
- [A story about graphs and Xcode projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxLtm1depZs)
- [Tuist | Open Source iOS Project | Mentorship | Day in the life of a Software Engineer | İstanbul](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzTY7La1HWA)


## Templates

- [SwiftCLITemplate](https://github.com/dfreniche/SwiftCLITemplate)
- [SwiftUITemplate](https://github.com/haifengkao/SwiftUITemplate)

Commit message:

Add Bumble blog post series

README.md, after:

# awesome-tuist [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

A community-driven collection of Tuist related blog posts, tasks, projects, and more.

## Table of Contents

- [Talks](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#official)
- [Open source projects](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#open-source-projects)
- [Tools](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#tools)
- [Blog posts](https://github.com/tuist/awesome-tuist#blog-posts)

## Talks

- [Our path to microframeworks with Tuist.io](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHf_LkN8RK0)
- [Introduction to Tuist Signing](https://youtu.be/WGKp1EHcpME)
- [Defining dependencies in Tuist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHDNKdSKnkw&t=294s)
- [Introduction to Tuist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVPWJvJGng&t=1s)
- [Xcode Project Generation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bxt37t_twug&t=216s)
- [Scaling iOS Codebase](https://blog.houzz.com/scaling-ios-codebase/)
- [Bruno Bilescky - Scaling your app](https://nslondon.com/#bruno-bilescky-scaling-your-app)
- [Tuist, the tool you missed](https://youtu.be/GIr_rk-FUFY)
- [Simplify Modular Project Generation with Tuist - Hamin Song - Seoul iOS Meetup](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chsMQCDfyDs)
- [From Challenge to Joy: My Journey Developing Tuist for Scalable Xcode Projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqKBnFTiWQg)
  
## Open source projects

- [SwiftUI + TCA Example](https://github.com/lm2s/Texther)
- [The Composable Microfeature Architecture](https://github.com/TYRONEMICHAEL/tuist-composable-architecture)
- [Katana: Swift apps in a swoosh](https://github.com/BendingSpoons/katana-swift)
- [Tempura: a holistic approach to iOS development](https://github.com/BendingSpoons/tempura-swift)
- [Pokedex](https://github.com/ronanociosoig/tuist-pokedex)
- [Sendbird Chat SDK Sample for iOS](https://github.com/sendbird/sendbird-chat-sample-ios)

## Tools

- [asdf-tuist](https://github.com/cprecioso/asdf-tuist)
- [TuistAutoGen](https://github.com/naldal/TuistAutoGen)

## Blog posts

- [Real-World Xcode Project Using Tuist](https://getstream.io/blog/real-world-xcode-tuist/)
- [First touches of using Tuist for Xcode Project generation](https://medium.com/swlh/first-touches-of-using-tuist-for-xcode-project-generation-f46c630bc29b)
- [Our Journey to Generated Projects](https://www.ackee.cz/blog/en/tuist-our-journey-to-generated-projects/)
- [The Magic of Generating an Xcode Project](https://developers.soundcloud.com/blog/tuist-project-generation)
- [Solving modularised iOS project challenges by adopting project generation](https://medium.com/@daniell.jankowskii/solving-modularised-ios-project-challenges-by-adopting-project-generation-eda9cd1ee3bd)
- [Getting Started with Tuist](https://sarunw.com/posts/getting-started-with-tuist/)
- [Gerando Xcode Project com Tuist](https://deciomontanhani.com.br/gerando-xcodeproj-com-tuist/)
- [Xcode Project Generation: A Primer](https://jsorge.net/2021/03/15/xcode-project-generation-a-primer)
- [Modular Apps with a Tuist](https://medium.com/@ronan.ociosoig/modular-apps-with-a-tuist-8fdd8d3fd4bb)
- [Tool-managed Xcodeproj](https://www.thoughtworks.com/radar/techniques/tool-managed-xcodeproj)
- [Tuist Tutorial for Xcode](https://www.raywenderlich.com/24508362-tuist-tutorial-for-xcode)
- [Build Templates For Code Generation](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/build-templates-for-code-generation-with-tuist-497656e3f6a5)
- [Unifying Tuist Projects](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/unifying-tuist-projects-80abc226d756)
- [Goodbye Moya & Alamofire](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/goodbye-moya-alamofire-simplify-your-dependancies-cff5dd649e91)
- [Warming Up To Havana: Accelerate iOS Builds With Binary Caching Using Tuist 2.x](https://ronanociosoig.medium.com/warming-up-to-havana-accelerate-ios-builds-with-binary-caching-using-tuist-2-x-bd9ea6631a92)
- [Optimising iOS builds with Tuist and Codemagic CI/CD](https://blog.codemagic.io/ios-app-caching-using-tuist-and-codemagic/)
- [Getting started with Tuist for Xcode project generation and modularization on iOS](https://www.runway.team/blog/getting-started-with-tuist-for-xcode-project-generation-and-modularization-on-ios)
- [How to build a Tuist plugin and publish it using SPM and version control](https://www.runway.team/blog/how-to-build-a-tuist-plugin-and-publish-it-using-spm-and-version-control)
- [Scaling iOS at Bumble: Part 1/3 — The Challenges](https://medium.com/bumble-tech/scaling-ios-at-bumble-76754fa874f7)
- [Scaling iOS at Bumble: Part 2/3 — The Assessment](https://medium.com/bumble-tech/scaling-ios-at-bumble-239e0fa009f2)
- [Scaling iOS at Bumble: Part 3/3 — Results and Developer Quality of Life](https://medium.com/@jonathan.crooke/scaling-ios-at-bumble-6f0602682903)
  
### Sarunw

- [Getting Started with Tuist](https://sarunw.com/posts/getting-started-with-tuist/)
- [What is the difference between Tuist init and scaffold](https://sarunw.com/posts/what-is-the-difference-between-tuist-init-and-scaffold/)
- [Tuist scaffold: How to use the Tuist template to create a new module for an ongoing project](https://sarunw.com/posts/tuist-scaffold/)
- [Tuist init: How to use Tuist templates to bootstrap your project](https://sarunw.com/posts/tuist-init/)
- [Tuist Template: What is it and how to create them](https://sarunw.com/posts/tuist-template/)
- [How to add a unit test target to a Tuist project](https://sarunw.com/posts/how-to-add-unit-test-target-to-tuist-project/)

## CI building blocks
- [appcircle-tuist-component](https://github.com/appcircleio/appcircle-tuist-component)

## Podcasts

- [Automation Fun with Jared Sorge](https://share.transistor.fm/s/bab83e8a)
- [Tuist with Pedro Piñera Buendía](https://thebakery.dev/08/)

## Videos

- [Introduction to Tuist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCVPWJvJGng)
- [Tuist App signing ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGKp1EHcpME)
- [Generating binaries from third-party package dependencies and linking them](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5sVLZanAJU)
- [Using binary caching with Tuist to speed up builds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq7E3YlPJog)
- [A story about graphs and Xcode projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxLtm1depZs)
- [Tuist | Open Source iOS Project | Mentorship | Day in the life of a Software Engineer | İstanbul](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzTY7La1HWA)


## Templates

- [SwiftCLITemplate](https://github.com/dfreniche/SwiftCLITemplate)
- [SwiftUITemplate](https://github.com/haifengkao/SwiftUITemplate)
